# Final Individual Assessment
## Sara Marijolovic

My individual contribution to this project was planned to be the testing lead for the project. I created the test plan that helped set the guidelines for our project. While I was not able to do extensive testing because of issues with our project not running properly on the multiple devices within our group. I was able to help guide the testing and run some tests that helped us see where there is room for future development in the project. I also was the main communicator with our advisor and helped to set up meetings with him.

In this project, I applied my skills from my experience working in quality assurance. I was able to directly use those skills for developing the test plan and they were crucial for the group to figure out what features to focus on for the project. I learned a lot about AI models through this project. It was important to have patience with training the model, and image generation was something I had no previous experience with. I was tripped up initially by my lack of knowledge on how the app flow was supposed to look, but after talking through things with the rest of my group, I was able to catch on.

My group was able to accomplish our goal of creating an AI image generation tool. Though there is still a lot of things that can be added and perfected in the project, we were able to implement the main feature of uploading custom images to be used in prompts. Through this project, I was able to realize that group work can seem slow at times and extremely fast paced at others. With a project this complex, it can be easy to get lost if one piece is unclear. My team communicated very effectively and kept everyone in the loop as each group member completed their tasks. We were able to make decisions together and were willing to schedule extra time to meet when needed.

Though my contributions were important, I feel that my efforts were not as big as those of my teammates. I was not able to help with the actual application development because of lack of knowledge and time, but I was still able to help with all of the more administrative and organizational tasks so others could focus on development. Michael Pappa’s work on the Replicate API deserves to be recognized, since he was able to use something he was personally interested in and successfully tie it into a working application. Understanding how the model works and then adding even more training to it was difficult, and he persevered to the finish through unexpected coding challenges and being sick. Nick Murray also deserves to be recognized for his work on the UI. Without his expertise in creating a front-end, this app would have lost its appeal and usability to people who are unfamiliar with all of the technicalities of AI models.
